docs: Adding NodeClaims concept page to docs (#6470)
aws/karpenter-provider-aws: website/content/en/preview/concepts/nodeclaim.md

Reviewer: nit on naming this file nodeclaims

Author: Yes. I'll do that.

the status of your nodes in cases where something goes wrong or a node drifts from its intended state.

Karpenter uses NodeClaims as a merged representation of the cloud provider instance and the node on the cluster.
Karpenter creates NodeClaims in response to provisioning and disruption needs (pre-spin). Whenever Karpenter
creates a NodeClaim, it asks the cloud provider to create the instance (launch), register the created node
with the node claim (registration), and wait for the node and its resources to be ready (initialization).

This page describes how NodeClaims relate to other components of Karpenter and the related cloud provider.

If you want to learn more about the nodes being managed by Karpenter, depending on what you are interested in,
you can either look directly at the NodeClaim or at the nodes they are associated with:

* Checking NodeClaims: If something goes wrong in the process of creating a node, you can look at the NodeClaim
to see where the node creation process might have stalled. Using `kubectl get nodeclaims` you can see the NodeClaims
for the cluster and using `kubectl describe nodeclaim <nodeclaim>` you can see the status of a particular NodeClaim.

> For example, if the node is not available, you might see statuses indicating that the node has expired, is empty, or has drifted.

Reviewer: Empty/expired/drift shouldn't show up in liveness, but launch, registration, and initialization should.
```suggestion
For example, if the node is not available, you might see statuses indicating that the nodeclaim failed to launch, register, or initialize. 
```

Author: Done.

* Checking nodes: Use commands such as `kubectl get node` and  `kubectl describe node <nodename>` to see the actual resources,
labels, and other attributes associated with a particular node.

## NodeClaim roles in node creation

NodeClaims provide a critical role in the Karpenter workflow for creating instances and registering them as nodes, then later in responding to node disruptions.

The following diagram illustrates how NodeClaims interact with other components during Karpenter-driven node creation.

![nodeclaim-node-creation](/nodeclaims.png)

{{% alert title="Note" color="primary" %}}

> Assuming that Karpenter is running in the default `kube-system` namespace, if you want to follow along with the Karpenter logs in your cluster, do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure the `KARPENTER_NAMESPACE` environment variable to the namespace where you've installed Karpenter (kube-system is the default). Follow along with the Karpenter logs in your cluster and do the following:
```

Author: Done.

    ```
    {"level":"INFO","time":"2024-06-22T02:24:19.028Z","logger":"controller","message":   "launched nodeclaim","commit":"490ef94","controller":"nodeclaim.lifecycle",
       "controllerGroup":"karpenter.sh","controllerKind":"NodeClaim","NodeClaim":
       {"name":"default-sfpsl"},"namespace":"","name":"default-sfpsl","reconcileID":
       "9c9dbc80-3f0f-43ab-b01d-faac6c29e979","provider-id":
       "aws:///us-west-2b/i-08a3bf1cadb205c7e","instance-type":"c3.2xlarge","zone":
       "us-west-2b","capacity-type":"spot","allocatable":{"cpu":"7910m",
       "ephemeral-storage":"17Gi","memory":"13215Mi","pods":"58"}}
    ```
 
5. Gathers necessary metadata from the NodeClaim to check and setup the node.
6. Checks that the Node exists, and prepares it for use.  This includes:
    * Waiting for the instance to return a provider ID, instance type, zone, capacity type,
      and an allocatable status, indicating that the instance is ready.
    * Checking to see if the node has been synced, adding a finalizer to the node (this provides the same
      termination guarantees that all Karpenter nodes have), passing in labels, and updating the node owner references.

>     * Checking if the node has been synced, adding a finalizer to the node (providing Karpenter termination guarantees), passing in labels, and updating the node owner references.

Reviewer: This the same as the point above
```suggestion
```

Author: Okay. I removed the sentence.

    * Making sure that the Node is ready to use. This includes such things as seeing if resources are registered and start-up taints are removed.
    * Checking the nodes for liveliness.

> 7. Registers the instance as a node in the Kubernetes cluster (registered). Example of log message at this stage:

Reviewer: This encapsulates the first two bullets of step 6

Author: Okay. I removed step seven since it is already covered in the first two bullet points of step 6.

    ```
    {"level":"INFO","time":"2024-06-22T02:24:39.998Z","logger":"controller","message":
       "registered nodeclaim","commit":"490ef94","controller":"nodeclaim.lifecycle",
       "controllerGroup":"karpenter.sh","controllerKind":"NodeClaim","NodeClaim":
       {"name":"default-sfpsl"},"namespace":"","name":"default-sfpsl","reconcileID":
       "4ae2c003-883c-4655-98b9-45871223a6a0",
       "provider-id":"aws:///us-west-2b/i-08a3bf1cadb205c7e",
       "Node":{"name":"ip-192-168-170-220.us-west-2.compute.internal"}}
    ```
    Finally, you can see the Node is now ready for use.
    ```

>     {"level":"INFO","time":"2024-06-22T02:24:52.642Z","logger":"controller","message":

Reviewer: This (initialization) is the last two bullet points of point 6

Author: Okay. I moved the log messages up so they appear after the first two bullet points of step 6.

       "initialized nodeclaim","commit":"490ef94","controller":
       "nodeclaim.lifecycle","controllerGroup":"karpenter.sh","controllerKind":
       "NodeClaim","NodeClaim":{"name":"default-sfpsl"},"namespace":
       "","name":"default-sfpsl","reconcileID":
       "7e7a671d-887f-428d-bd79-ddf603290f0a",
       "provider-id":"aws:///us-west-2b/i-08a3bf1cadb205c7e",
       "Node":{"name":"ip-192-168-170-220.us-west-2.compute.internal"},
       "allocatable":{"cpu":"7910m","ephemeral-storage":"18242267924",
       "hugepages-2Mi":"0","memory":"14320468Ki","pods":"58"}}
    ```
    At this point, the node is considered ready to go.

If a node doesn’t appear as registered after 15 minutes since it was first created, the NodeClaim is deleted.
Karpenter assumes there is a problem that isn’t going to be fixed.
No pods will be deployed there. After the node is deleted, Karpenter will try to create a new NodeClaim.

## NodeClaim drift and disruption

> Although NodeClaims play a role in replacing nodes that drift or have been disrupted,
> as someone using Karpenter, there is nothing particular you need to do with NodeClaims
> in relation to those activities.
> Just know that, if a Node become unusable and a new NodeClaim needs to be created,
> it follows the same node creation process just decribed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although NodeClaims play a role in replacing nodes that drift or have been disrupted,
as a Karpenter user, NodeClaims should not be modified, and should only be a tool for monitoring.
```

Reviewer 2: Should not be modified, or are immutable?

Author: Done
